Patir Mystery I (#6153)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/ka'het/ka'het missions.txt

mission "Ka'het: Patir Reveal"
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Cognizance 19: done"
	on offer
		event "patir appears" 3
		fail

event "patir appears"
	system "Patir"
		remove hidden

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 0"
	invisible
	landing
	on enter "Patir"
		dialog
			`As the jumping sequence comes to an end, you find yourself orbiting a small black hole, surrounded by nothing but countless asteroids and debris. Even more interesting is the fact that the asteroid belt appears to be populated by small spaceships, similar in appearance to the Ka'het that infest the nearby systems but at the same time unlike any of the types you had seen before. Perhaps the Remnant can tell you more about this system and its sudden appearance.`
		fail
	to complete
		never

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 1"
	landing
	name "Visit <waypoints>"
	description "Bring Taely with you to visit the <waypoints> system before going to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	destination "Aventine"
	waypoint "Patir"
	passengers 1
	cargo "Ka'het tracking equipment" 5
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 0: failed"

> 		not "dusk busy"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		not "Remnant: Dusk Busy"
```

This matches Cognizance, and will sort into the same area as other Remnant variables to make it easier to find.

		random < 50
	on offer

> 		set "dusk busy"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		set "Remnant: Dusk Busy"
```

			choice
				`	"What should I do then?"`
			`	"Well, I can only suggest to depart from here and set a route straight back to Aventine, while avoiding the Ka'sei. Sorry <first>, but it is preferable that we leave them alone." After all the risk you had to take, you cannot help but nod if this means getting as far from here as possible.`
				launch
	on enter "Patir"
		dialog
			`Soon after departing, your ship warns you that a large number of ships are targeting you. It appears the other Ka'sei are also going to attack.`
	to fail
		"reputation: Ka'sei" < "saved ka'sei rep"
	on fail
		clear "saved ka'sei rep"
		dialog
			`One or more Ka'sei were destroyed. You failed your mission.`

> 	on complete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	on complete
		clear "Remnant: Dusk Busy"
```

			`	"I know a few people who will want to see all this. I will contact ahead and arrange to meet them on Aventine."`

	on complete
		"remnant met dusk" ++
		conversation
			`You complete the post-flight checks and disembark down the ship with Taely. "So, what do we do now?" you ask.`
			`	"I fear I have to go back to my job now, Captain," she replies. "I would love to continue the exploration with you, but there are more pressing issues I have to resolve at the moment. I will keep an eye on the activity in Patir, I promise."`

> 			`	As you speak to Taely, a young Remnant with a touchpad walks towards you and waves. Taely says, "Captain <first>, let me introduce you to Dusk. He is a young researcher who specializes in xenoarchaeology and astrobiology. Dusk, this is <first>, the captain who I told you about earlier."`

Reviewer 2: what if you already met dusk? the next part of the remnant campaign pr has that happening I think so may as well consider that possibility

Author: I asked zitchas, he agrees to add those in Cognizance II since this one is likely to be merged earlier than that

Reviewer: This has the basics of compatibility with Cognizance II, but I'm more than happy to make whatever compatibility changes are needed in Cognizance II, so this can merge right away without needing to try to synchronize anything with my PR.

		log "Asked the Quarg about the history of the Graveyard. Was told that the ringworld the Quarg had there was lost in their war with the Pug, and have learned about the previous inhabitants of the region, the Builders."
		log "Factions" "Builders" `The Builders inhabited the Graveyard millennia ago, but have since become extinct. They developed some sort of weapon, called the "Ka'het," which stopped obeying their orders and rebelled against them.`
		log "Factions" "Ka'het" `According to the Quarg, the Ka'het were initially a weapon created by the Builders, which then rebelled and led them to extinction. Even in the millennia that passed, they are still being produced in the Graveyard.`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Reveal"
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Cognizance 19: done"

> 		not "dusk busy"

Author: The suggestion doesn't work, I'll correct it manually

> 		not "dusk busy"

Author: Done

	on offer
		"dusk busy"++
		event "patir appears" 3

event "patir appears"
	system Patir
		remove hidden

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 0"
	invisible
	landing
	on enter "Patir"
		dialog
			`As the jumping sequence comes to an end, you find yourself orbiting a small black hole, surrounded by nothing but countless asteroids and debris. Even more interesting is the fact that the asteroid belt appears to be populated by small spaceships, similar in appearance to the Ka'het that infest the nearby systems but at the same time unlike any of the types you had seen before. Perhaps the Remnant can tell you more about this system and its sudden appearance.`
		fail
	to complete
		never

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 1"
	landing
	name "Visit <waypoints>"
	description "Bring Taely with you to visit the <waypoints> system before going to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	destination "Aventine"
	waypoint "Patir"
	passengers 1
	cargo "Ka'het tracking equipment" 5
	to offer

> 		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 0: failed"

Reviewer: As part of the previous comment, this moves the check from the start to hear so that the system always appears when ti is supposed to, and it is only the actual mission involving the NPCs that might get delayed (Maybe Taely is hard to find right now, for instance).

```suggestion
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 0: failed"
		not "dusk busy"
		random < 50
```

			choice
				`	"Let's go!"`
					goto mount
				`	"How did the attempt at tracking the Ka'het go?"`
				`	"Sorry, but I can't help you this time. You're going to have to find somebody else."`
					decline
			`	"Oh, the scanners are working perfectly. But the Ka'het seem to follow no pattern whatsoever, not even the most basic ones. I guess you could compare them to simple animals, searching for food and fighting each other for their territory. They seem to have some sort of "imprinting" towards the stations that breeds them, but other than that, they have not shown any other particular behavior yet."`
			choice
				`	"Alright, let's mount the scanners!"`
				`	"Sorry, but I can't help you this time. You're going to have to find somebody else."`
					decline
			label mount
			`	Taely replies, "I will gather a team to install the scanners. We should be done in around an hour." She leaves the warehouse carrying a scanner, leaving you to prepare your ship for the upcoming mission.`
				accept
				
	on enter "Patir"
		conversation

> 			`When you enter the system, Taely is already sitting in the scanners' control room. She starts counting loudly. "External deployment in 3, 2, 1. Trackers out. Initiating startup sequence." She begins typing commands on a keyboard. "This is going to take a while, <first>," she says, without taking her eyes off the screen. "It isn't a one-person job normally."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`When you enter the system, Taely is already sitting in the scanners' control room. She starts counting loudly. "External deployment in 3, 2, 1. Trackers out. Initiating startup sequence." She begins typing commands on a keyboard. "This is going to take a while, <first>," she says, without taking her eyes off the screen. "It is not normally a one-person job."`
```

			choice
				`	"Is there anything I can do to help you?"`
				`	"I'll wait for you to finish in the cockpit."`
					goto wait
			`	"I am afraid there is not. Give me, say, half an hour and I will have the results ready."`
			label wait
			`	Almost an hour passes, but Taely finally responds. "The scan is complete. The system is currently processing all the data it gathered into something usable; there's nothing we can do but wait." She starts staring out of the cockpit windows. "Black holes are such a beautiful type of star. They are so rare that each one is peculiar in its own way, this one especially."`
			choice
				`	"What do you mean?"`
					goto how
				`	"Did you find anything new on how this system appeared?"`
					goto how
				`	"Was this one already known to the Remnant?"`

> 			`	"That is the oddest part; it was not. We knew about the existence of the stars beyond Postverta as they could be observed from our own systems; they just weren't reachable with a Jump Drive. Patir did not exist until a short time ago.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"That is the oddest part; it was not. We knew about the existence of the stars beyond Postverta as they could be observed from our own systems; they just were not reachable with a Jump Drive. Patir did not exist until a short time ago.`
```

					goto kahet
				`	"Do they have Jump Drives on them if they were able to get here?"`
					goto jumpdrive
				`	"Why aren’t they in other systems?"`
					goto jumpdrive
			label kahet
			`	Taely walks towards the console again. On the screen a tactical view of the Fetri'sei appears. "Well, consider that the Ka'het are true battleships, heavily shielded and always with their weapons ready. These are more akin to reconnaissance and mining probes. Their structure is extremely weak, and they do not have any weapons except the guns necessary to mine asteroids. I imagine it would take decades for even just a Maeri'het to replicate itself.`
			`	"There is also the tactical problem: forcing a Ka'het to spend such a long time building copies of itself makes them vulnerable to enemy attacks and unable to effectively fight back, making them ill suited for the job."`
			choice
				`	"If they can duplicate themselves, why aren't there more Ka'sei here?"`
					goto kasei
				`	"Do they have Jump Drives of them if they were able to get here?"`
				`	"Why aren’t they in other systems?"`
			label jumpdrive

> 			`	"They do not have any drive on board, not even a hyperdrive. Limited to sub-light velocity, they would need hundreds of years to pass from one system to another, which testifies how patient the Builders could be. Most species we have encountered abandon any form of sub-light transportation method between star systems as soon as hyperdrives start being developed. For all we know, the Ember Waste could have been visited by these Fetri'sei or some other Ka'sei, but they had to leave for some reason we aren't aware of. The last Builder died almost 100,000 years ago, so long that having a clear idea of what happened is impossible.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"They do not have any drive on board, not even a hyperdrive. Limited to sub-light velocity, they would need hundreds of years to pass from one system to another, which testifies how patient the Builders could be. Most species we have encountered abandon any form of sub-light transportation method between star systems as soon as hyperdrives start being developed. For all we know, the Ember Waste could have been visited by these Fetri'sei or some other Ka'sei, but they had to leave for some reason we are not aware of. The last Builder died almost 100,000 years ago, so long that having a clear idea of what happened is impossible.`
```

			choice
				`	"What's the difference between Ka'sei and Fetri'sei?"`

> 			`	"Well, there isn't," Taely responds, "not in this case at least. The naming scheme the Builders used is a bit odd: we know that 'Ka', in their language, has a meaning close to the one of 'group', 'team' and sometimes even 'ring', although it can never be used without a name next to it. So we have 'group mar', 'group het', and so on. These aren't limited to spaceships: the Ka'het, for example, includes both the biological spacecrafts around the Graveyard and the stations that constructs them, while until now we thought that the Ka'sei included only a handful of large scale construction projects. We know 'Fetri' to be a sort of spaceship sub-classification, but we aren't aware of its exact meaning. So the Fetri'sei, or 'ship sei' are a part of the Ka'sei, or 'group sei.' To put it simple, it's similar to how all squares are rectangles, but not all rectangles are squares. It just so happens that everything in this system is classified as a Fetri'sei, so we can use either interchangeably.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, there is not," Taely responds, "not in this case at least. The naming scheme the Builders used is a bit odd: we know that 'Ka', in their language, has a meaning close to the one of 'group', 'team' and sometimes even 'ring', although it can never be used without a name next to it. So we have 'group mar', 'group het', and so on. These are not limited to spaceships: the Ka'het, for example, includes both the biological spacecrafts around the Graveyard and the stations that constructs them, while until now we thought that the Ka'sei included only a handful of large scale construction projects. We know 'Fetri' to be a sort of spaceship sub-classification, but we are not aware of its exact meaning. So the Fetri'sei, or 'ship sei' are a part of the Ka'sei, or 'group sei.' To put it simply, it is similar to how all squares are rectangles, but not all rectangles are squares. It just so happens that everything in this system is classified as a Fetri'sei, so we can use either interchangeably.`
```

removing contractions from Remnant speech.

			`	"Nice to meet you, Captain!" continues Dusk.`
			choice
				`	"Dusk? Are names like that common?"`
				`	"Pleased to meet you too, Dusk."`
					goto greet
			`	"You mean names of the various phases of daylight? Mmm, I would not say they are common, but nor are they rare, either. Our ancestors devoted their lives, one way or another, to studying the stars and the everchanging light of the universe. It should not be surprising that their vocabulary should be so entwined in our culture."`
			label greet
			`	"I will let you two discuss the next steps in exploring Patir. May the embers burn bright for you both," Taely says before waking away towards the local shipyard.`
			`	"I have found something interesting in the data Taely sent me, Captain." Dusk shows you a map of the system Patir with various lines drawn all over it. "This image shows the route followed by every Ka'sei the scanner was able to track. At first sight they do not seem to have much in common, right? However, upon closer examination, there is something that almost every path has in common: once in a while, every ship spends a few minutes on a single asteroid, one of the biggest in the entire asteroid belt.`

> 			`	"However, this could have easily been just a coincidence; it takes a lot of effort to extract resources from asteroids that size, so maybe they were just combining their forces to harvest it. Unusual, but far from impossible. So, at this point I had an idea." The screen on the touchpad changes, now showing raw numbers separated on a spreadsheet. "The sensors you carried to Patir had various functions, one of which was a high power asteroid scanner. The asteroid in particular was shown to be extremely rich in a particular metal, iridium. There is more iridium in it than the whole of half a dozen Ember Waste systems, planets included. However, here's the odd part: the concentration of iridium on the asteroid when you jumped away wasn't lower than when the scanning begun, it was higher! For whatever reason, the Fetri'sei are depositing iridium on the asteroid."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"However, this could have easily been just a coincidence; it takes a lot of effort to extract resources from asteroids that size, so maybe they were just combining their forces to harvest it. Unusual, but far from impossible. So, at this point I had an idea." The screen on the touchpad changes, now showing raw numbers separated on a spreadsheet. "The sensors you carried to Patir had various functions, one of which was a high power asteroid scanner. The asteroid in particular was shown to be extremely rich in a particular metal, iridium. There is more iridium in it than the whole of half a dozen Ember Waste systems, planets included. However, here is the odd part: the concentration of iridium on the asteroid when you jumped away was not lower than when the scanning begun, it was higher! For whatever reason, the Fetri'sei are depositing iridium on the asteroid."`
```

			choice
				`	"Are you sure that it isn't just an error in the measurement?"`
				`	"Why are they doing that?"`
					goto why

> 			`	"Well, it is a possibility; this instrumentation hasn't been tested in years. But if it is not, this could give us a lot of insight on the real purpose of these Ka'sei and why they are around that black hole. It is at least worth studying!`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, it is a possibility; this instrumentation has not been tested in years. But if it is not, this could give us a lot of insight on the real purpose of these Ka'sei and why they are around that black hole. It is at least worth studying!`
```

				goto end
			label why
			`	"That is why I contacted you! The only way we can find insights on their real purpose is to study this asteroid and what the Ka'sei are doing there.`
			label end
			`	"My plan is to take a short range high power scanner, install it on your ship, and map the entire asteroid to analyze the site where the Ka'sei are bringing the iridium. Everything happened so fast that I was not able to get the scanner I was looking for yet, but if you meet me in the spaceport's cafeteria in a few hours I promise everything will be ready!" Dusk is so excited that he leaves before you can respond.`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 2"
	name "Scanners in <system>"
	description "Make detailed scans of the asteroid Dusk indicated in the <system> system."
	source "Aventine"
	destination "Builder Settlement"
	cargo "short range scanner" 15
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 1: done"
	on offer
		event "asteroid on patir"
		conversation

> 			`As soon as you arrive in the cafeteria you start looking for Dusk, but you can't find him anywhere. He arrives a few minutes later and waves at you. "Sorry if I was late, Captain," he says, "I was finishing up gathering the necessary technology for our mission. Everything is ready now."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As soon as you arrive in the cafeteria you start looking for Dusk, but you cannot find him anywhere. He arrives a few minutes later and waves at you. "Sorry if I was late, Captain," he says, "I was finishing up gathering the necessary technology for our mission. Everything is ready now."`
```

				accept
	on enter "Patir"
		dialog
			`After a brief scan of the system, your ship's computers identify the asteroid that Dusk indicated you. Compared to the asteroids you are used to, this one seems orders of magnitude bigger.`

event "asteroid on patir"
	planet "Builder Settlement"
		remove attributes "requires: ka'sei"

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 3"
	landing
	name "Return to <planet>"
	description "Return to Dusk on <destination>."
	source "Builder Settlement"
	destination "Aventine"
	cargo "short range scanner" 15
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 2: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Your initial scans suggest that the asteroid is slowly rotating on itself. You set your ship on a polar orbit around it and activate the sensors that Dusk gave you, hopefully to find some answers to all the questions that Patir raised.`

> 			`	You start your exploration from the dark side of the asteroid, and from the little you can see, the surface appears to be completely covered in regolith of little importance. But, soon after passing the terminator, you see an extremely reflective patch near the horizon, likely to be some sort of metal. As you get closer, it becomes clear that this is the storage of iridium that Dusk was talking about: in front of you, there is a huge reserve of the reflective metal you can't see the end of, extending for kilometers in every direction inside a gigantic hole the Ka'sei dug in the terrain. The metal appears to be magnetic, as when you start passing over it some of the instruments aboard your spaceship go haywire. Luckily, Dusk's scanners remain unaffected, allowing you to continue the exploration.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You start your exploration from the dark side of the asteroid, and from the little you can see, the surface appears to be completely covered in regolith of little importance. But, soon after passing the terminator, you see an extremely reflective patch near the horizon, likely to be some sort of metal. As you get closer, it becomes clear that this is the storage of iridium that Dusk was talking about: in front of you, there is a huge reserve of the reflective metal you cannot see the end of, extending for kilometers in every direction inside a gigantic hole the Ka'sei dug in the terrain. The metal appears to be magnetic, as when you start passing over it some of the instruments aboard your spaceship go haywire. Luckily, Dusk's scanners remain unaffected, allowing you to continue the exploration.`
```

			`	As you are preparing to jump away, your eye is caught by an artificial structure near the edge of the iridium storage. The first thing you notice is an array of extremely high pylons put into two parallel lines; then, when you are able to get a better angle of view, you discover a large cupola towering all over the area. Although understanding its scale without a reference point is hard, you estimate it must be at least a kilometer in diameter.`
				goto image
			label explore
			`	While you are setting up a new route to pass above as much terrain as possible, your eye is caught by an artificial structure near the edge of the iridium storage. The first thing you notice is an array of extremely high pylons put into two parallel lines; then, when you are able to get a better angle of view, you discover a large cupola towering all over the area. Although understanding its scale without a reference point is hard, you estimate it must be at least half a kilometer in diameter.`
			label image
			scene "scene/asteroid scene"
			choice
				`	(Go near the structure, regardless of the risk.)`
					goto near
				`	(Collect measurements at a safe distance.)`

> 			`	The data that Dusk's scanners will gather won't be perfect, but it's better than having to risk getting close to something you know so little about. After a few minutes, the scan completes, and you are ready to return to Aventine.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The data that Dusk's scanners will gather will not be perfect, but it is better than having to risk getting close to something you know so little about. After a few minutes, the scan completes, and you are ready to return to Aventine.`
```

removing contractions

					goto planets
				`	"How far have the Remnant explored the Graveyard?"`
				`	"Do you have have all the equipment ready?"`
					goto dontcare
			`	"I presume Taely already told you about the troubled beginnings we had in exploring the area; as a consequence of that, we had to reevaluate the procedures for exploring the nearby systems and species, especially beyond the Ossipago wormhole. Every scout ship entering the area has to always remain cloaked to prevent attacks from the countless Ka'het patrolling the area; this means that the further we need to travel to reach the destination, the more fuel we have to spend to return home, which considerably impacts the time we can spend cloaked in the destination. Some of the systems at the other end of the Graveyard have seen very few Starlings, most of them staying for less than a day.`
			`	"Still, even with these limitations we were able to make considerable progress. We can read some of the words in their language, and we were able to retrieve a countless number of partly intact Builder artifacts. Perhaps some day we will be able to understand how to control the Ka'het. Who knows?`
				goto dontcare
			label planets

> 			`	"Oh I have, many times. I have never been on a Builder station, but on a few occasions I have participated to expeditions to newly discovered cities or semi-submersed bunkers. I presume Taely already told you about the troubled beginnings we had in exploring the area; as a consequence of that, we had to reevaluate the procedures for exploring the nearby systems and species, especially beyond the Ossipago wormhole. Every scout ship entering the area has to always remain cloaked for safety; this means that exploring planets is only possible for a limited time and that you can't leave your ship if you don't have a means of hiding yourself from them.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh I have, many times. I have never been on a Builder station, but on a few occasions I have participated to expeditions to newly discovered cities or semi-submersed bunkers. I presume Taely already told you about the troubled beginnings we had in exploring the area; as a consequence of that, we had to reevaluate the procedures for exploring the nearby systems and species, especially beyond the Ossipago wormhole. Every scout ship entering the area has to always remain cloaked for safety; this means that exploring planets is only possible for a limited time and that you cannot leave your ship if you do not have a means of hiding yourself from them.`
```

			`	Using a small instrument similar in appearance to a crowbar, Dusk slowly pulls out a section from the wall, kicking off a good amount of dust in the process. The control station is a two sided panel, full of switches and buttons with small alien markings above each of them.`
			choice
				`	"Can you read them?"`
				`	"Can you open the airlock?"`
					goto open
				`	"Are you sure this won't put us in danger?"`
					goto danger
			`	"I can, yes. The first row of switches controls the lights inside the complex, the second row controls redundant pressurization systems, and there are similar such operations controlled by the rest of the panel.`
				goto open
			label danger
			`	"There is no way to be certain, but this is the only possible way to get in without destroying half of the complex.`
			label open

> 			`	"This," Dusk says as he presses a switch in the middle of the panel, "is what we were looking for." Soon after, the door in front of you opens, revealing a small room with another door at the opposite end. You follow Dusk inside, where he takes out the scanner again to look for another control panel. Once that is open, another switch allows him to close the door. If it weren't for the lights installed in your helmet, it would now be completely dark. Looking around, you notice that the architecture is distinctly alien, with rounded angles on every side of the room and slides going down off of both doors. The ring itself is too small for you to pass through it standing upright, but the low gravity of the asteroid lets you almost fly though it without much trouble. "We now have to wait for the room to pressurize," he tells you.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"This," Dusk says as he presses a switch in the middle of the panel, "is what we were looking for." Soon after, the door in front of you opens, revealing a small room with another door at the opposite end. You follow Dusk inside, where he takes out the scanner again to look for another control panel. Once that is open, another switch allows him to close the door. Only the lights on your helmet keep you from being immersed in complete darkness. Looking around, you notice that the architecture is distinctly alien, with rounded angles on every side of the room and slides going down off of both doors. The ring itself is too small for you to pass through it standing upright, but the low gravity of the asteroid lets you almost fly though it without much trouble. "We now have to wait for the room to pressurize," he tells you.`
```

			choice
				`	"How long do you think it will it take?"`
				`	"Would it be safe to remove our helmets after that?"`
					goto dumb
			`	"I have no idea. Usually it is a matter of a few minutes, but we know next to nothing about this tech. We will have to wait and see. In the meanwhile," he says as he begins to activate another scanner, "I can analyze the atmosphere that is starting to fill this room. It should save us some time to do it here, as well as being safer, should it be dangerous to our suits."`
				goto scan
			label dumb

> 			`	Dusk gives you an odd look. "Of course not <first>; it would almost certainly kill you. Such an alien atmosphere is unlikely to be breathable for a human, and even if it was we couldn't be sure until we analyze it extensively." He begins to activate another scanner, "Speaking of which, I can start analyzing the atmosphere that is starting to fill this room. It should save us some time to do it here, as well as also safer, should it be dangerous to our suits."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Dusk gives you an odd look. "Of course not <first>; it would almost certainly kill you. Such an alien atmosphere is unlikely to be breathable for a human, and even if it was we could not be sure until we analyze it extensively." He begins to activate another scanner, "Speaking of which, I can start analyzing the atmosphere that is starting to fill this room. It should save us some time to do it here, as well as also safer, should it be dangerous to our suits."`
```

			choice
				`	(Run back in the airlock.)`
				`	(Keep staying still.)`
				`	(Try shooting at the hover engines of the Ka'sei with your sidearm.)`
					goto shoot
			`	After another short silence, the Ka'sei starts emitting a loud siren. You hear the screech of Ravager fire as a beam bursts to the left of you. Both you and Dusk jump back to the airlock, slamming the door closed. You can still feel the crackle of the Ravagers from the other side the the door, and after a second, the door begins to glow.`
			choice
				`	(Blast the exit door with the control station, even with the airlock full of air.)`
					goto blast
				`	(Wait for the airlock to empty.)`
			`	After waiting a few seconds, Dusk hurries towards the control station. "Hold on to something, I ha-" Suddenly, he is interrupted by a burst of light coming from where the door of the airlock used to be. Your suit provides little protection from the full force of the Ravager beams.`
				die
			label blast

> 			`	You reach the control station as fast as you can and press the switch that Dusk had used when you first came in. The blast isn't as strong as you imagined, but in a few seconds you are thrown out of the airlock by the sheer force of the air leaving from the breach. Both of you touchdown after a few meters, crashing hard in the terrain that surrounds the cupola. Out of the corner of your eye, you see that there's still air coming out of the airlock, signifying that the interior door is breached.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You reach the control station as fast as you can and press the switch that Dusk had used when you first came in. The blast is not as strong as you imagined, but in a few seconds you are thrown out of the airlock by the sheer force of the air leaving from the breach. Both of you touchdown after a few meters, crashing hard in the terrain that surrounds the cupola. Out of the corner of your eye, you see that there's still air coming out of the airlock, signifying that the interior door is breached.`
```

				die
			label run
			`	You start running towards the airlock as fast as you can. Initially, Dusk tries to resist, but you drag him by force and lock the door behind you. Everything falls into silence again for half a minute while you are waiting for the room to depressurize, but suddenly the sound of a Ravager shooting blasts through the airlock.`
			choice
				`	(Blast the exit door with the control station, even with the airlock full of air.)`
					goto blast2
				`	(Wait for the airlock to empty.)`
			`	After a few seconds of waiting, Dusk hurries towards the control station. "I have an idea," he says as he presses a few switches on the panel. "I can open a vent to expel the air out of here into the void, and get us out of here in a few seconds.`
				goto expel
			label blast2
			`	You reach the control station as fast as you can and tell Dusk to hold on to something, but he stops you. "I have a better idea," he says as he presses a few switches on the panel. "I can open a vent to expel the air out of here into the void, and get us out of here in a few seconds.`
			label expel

> 			`	Soon after, the frontal door recedes. You two run out of the airlock as fast as possible. Behind you, you hear the roar of metal melting as a rush of air passes you by. You start running back to your ship with Dusk, hoping that the Ka'sei won't get out of the building before you are safe.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Soon after, the frontal door recedes. You two run out of the airlock as fast as possible. Behind you, you hear the roar of metal melting as a rush of air passes you by. You start running back to your ship with Dusk, hoping that the Ka'sei will not get out of the building before you are safe.`
```

			`	After a few minutes of walking, you enter the <ship>'s cockpit and sit down to catch your breath. After a moment, Dusk begins searching nervously for something on his suit. He takes out the atmospheric scanner he used earlier and turns it on. "Phew. I was afraid it had broken down when we had to run away, but maybe we can still get the data we need."`
			apply
				"atmospheric scan intact" += 1
			label attack

> 			`	Dusk is interrupted by the proximity alerts of your ship as a hostile object appears on your radar. Like Dusk suspected, the Fetri'sei must have tracked your movements after leaving the cupola. As you start to ready your ship for combat, Dusk interrupts you. "You can't kill them <first>. Do you remember the high pitched sound it emitted before shooting? He was trying to speak with us, Captain. Only a few words, maybe even pre-programmed for this kind of interaction, but still a complete phrase or more in pure Builder language. In decades of xenoarchaeological research, this is the first time that it occurs. These ships are an incredible discovery. They may be the only thing still capable of speaking that language in the entire Graveyard. You cannot destroy it, and disabling one is more a matter of luck than skill."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Dusk is interrupted by the proximity alerts of your ship as a hostile object appears on your radar. Like Dusk suspected, the Fetri'sei must have tracked your movements after leaving the cupola. As you start to ready your ship for combat, Dusk interrupts you. "You cannot kill them <first>. Do you remember the high pitched sound it emitted before shooting? He was trying to speak with us, Captain. Only a few words, maybe even pre-programmed for this kind of interaction, but still a complete phrase or more in pure Builder language. In decades of xenoarchaeological research, this is the first time that it occurs. These ships are an incredible discovery. They may be the only thing still capable of speaking that language in the entire Graveyard. You cannot destroy it, and disabling one is more a matter of luck than skill."`
```

			choice
				`	"What should I do then?"`

> 			`	"Well, I can only suggest to depart from here and set a route straight back to Aventine, without firing at any of the Ka'sei. Sorry <first>, but it's the only satisfying outcome from this situation." After all the risk you had to take, you can't help but nod if this means getting as far from here as possible.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, I can only suggest to depart from here and set a route straight back to Aventine, while avoiding the Ka'sei. Sorry <first>, but it is preferable that we leave them alone." After all the risk you had to take, you cannot help but nod if this means getting as far from here as possible.`
```

mission "Ka'het: Patir Reveal"
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Cognizance 19: done"
	on offer
		event "patir appears" 3

event "patir appears"
	system Patir
		remove hidden

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 0"
	invisible
	landing
	on enter "Patir"
		dialog
			`As the jumping sequence comes to an end, you find yourself orbiting a small black hole, surrounded by nothing but countless asteroids and debris. Even more interesting is the fact that the asteroid belt appears to be populated by small spaceships, similar in appearance to the Ka'het that infest the nearby systems but at the same time unlike any of the types you had seen before. Perhaps the Remnant can tell you more about this system and its sudden appearance.`
		fail
	to complete
		never

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 1"
	landing
	name "Visit <waypoints>"
	description "Bring Taely with you to visit the <waypoints> system before going to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	destination "Aventine"
	waypoint "Patir"
	passengers 1

> 	cargo "Ka'het tracking equipment" 5

Author: Addressed all of these thanks to @W1zrad

	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 0: failed"
		not "dusk busy"
		random < 50
	on offer
		"dusk busy"++
		conversation
			`You start looking for Taely right after finishing the post-landing procedures. You aren't surprised to find her in the local shipyard, overseeing the welding of some kind of unmanned satellite. Though not familiar enough with Remnant technology to understand its function, you identify a large crystal placed near what you presume to be the front of the probe as a Quantum Key Stone, or at least a derivative of it.`
			`	When Taely notices you walking towards her, she waves at you. "<first>! It has been a while. Were you looking for me?"`
			choice

> 				`	"I have some news. A new black hole suddenly appeared near the Graveyard, the same way Ssil Vida did."`

Reviewer: I think this might revolve around the nuance of how the characters think about things. Do our NPCs primarily think about systems, and stars and other stellar features are things that are found inside systems? Or do they think of systems as regions of space that form around stellar features?

I, personally, think of them in the latter way. Systems are not things that just happen in the void - they are spaces defined by the star (or black hole, or other notable feature) that they encircle.

In this particular case, the terminology has a subtle meaning: Was the black hole always there, and suddenly there is a system around it which enables us to visit it? Or did the black hole just appear, bringing a system into existence alongside it?

My understanding of the story is that there was nothing there, and now there is a black hole, and the appearance of the black hole has also brought into existence the system.

			`	You follow Taely into a large elevator at the other end of the building. After a short trip, you find yourself in a large underground hangar, full of oddly shaped dishes and complex pieces of machinery. "We use these old shelters to store the parts we do not need anymore. Sometimes they are still handy for replacing broken machinery, so instead of disassembling them we keep them here for a few years. And this," she says, pointing with a finger an array of cylinder shaped objects, "is the reason we are here."`
			`	Coming closer to the object, you notice that most of the cylinders have been hollowed out with a piece of glass placed inside.  A number of cables are coming out of its back.`
			choice
				`	"What is that?"`
			`	"It is an old tracking and surveillance device, developed specifically for the Graveyard," she says. "It was supposed to track all Ka'het it could find and make detailed imagery of their actions, in order to find the patterns that they follow or ways to exploit their controls. The mission was a long-term one, so when an urgent project came up, resources were diverted away from it, leaving some sensors unused.`

> 			`	"My plan is to install these in your ship and go to <waypoints> with them to find out more about these ships. They need to be set up correctly before use, but luckily for you, I was the person who developed the deployment procedures," she says with a smirk on her face. "Are you ready?"`

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't it be `the <ship>`?

> 			`	"My plan is to install these in your ship and go to <waypoints> with them to find out more about these ships. They need to be set up correctly before use, but luckily for you, I was the person who developed the deployment procedures," she says with a smirk on her face. "Are you ready?"`

Reviewer 4: Ah yeah

			`	You start your exploration from the dark side of the asteroid, and from the little you can see, the surface appears to be completely covered in regolith of little importance. But, soon after passing the terminator, you see an extremely reflective patch near the horizon, likely to be some sort of metal. As you get closer, it becomes clear that this is the storage of iridium that Dusk was talking about: in front of you, there is a huge reserve of the reflective metal you cannot see the end of, extending for kilometers in every direction inside a gigantic hole the Ka'sei dug in the terrain. The metal appears to be magnetic, as when you start passing over it some of the instruments aboard your spaceship go haywire. Luckily, Dusk's scanners remain unaffected, allowing you to continue the exploration.`
			`	In a few hours, you are able to check every site you were told to scan, but most of the surface still remains an unknown.`
			choice
				`	(Continue your exploration of the asteroid.)`
					goto explore
				`	(Leave and return to Aventine.)`

> 			`	As you are preparing to jump away, your eye is caught by an artificial structure near the edge of the iridium storage. The first thing you notice is an array of extremely high pylons put into two parallel lines; then, when you are able to get a better angle of view, you discover a large cupola towering all over the area. Although understanding its scale without a reference point is hard, you estimate it must be at least a kilometer in diameter.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	As you are preparing to jump away, an artificial structure near the edge of the iridium storage catches your eye. The first thing you notice is an array of tall pylons arranged into two parallel lines. When you are approach, you discover a large cupola towering all over the area. Although understanding its scale without a reference point is hard, you estimate it must be at least a kilometer in diameter.`
```

Reviewer 4: This probably needs to be re-worked though. "Cupola" is probably not the best word here as it is not very descriptive. You might want to describe it in more detail, and also mention how it relates to the pylons. Where is it?

Author: I didn't bother describing it much as there is a scene of it next to this, so it would be rather redundant and less effective

				goto image
			label explore
			`	While you are setting up a new route to pass above as much terrain as possible, your eye is caught by an artificial structure near the edge of the iridium storage. The first thing you notice is an array of extremely high pylons put into two parallel lines; then, when you are able to get a better angle of view, you discover a large cupola towering all over the area. Although understanding its scale without a reference point is hard, you estimate it must be at least half a kilometer in diameter.`
			label image
			scene "scene/asteroid scene"
			choice
				`	(Go near the structure, regardless of the risk.)`
					goto near
				`	(Collect measurements at a safe distance.)`
			`	The data that Dusk's scanners will gather will not be perfect, but it is better than having to risk getting close to something you know so little about. After a few minutes, the scan completes, and you are ready to return to Aventine.`
				accept
			label near
			apply
				"exploration interest" += 1

> 			`	You carefully position your ship above the structure and activate the sensors. As the scan goes by, you monitor the position of the Ka'sei fleet. You notice that some of the Fetri'sei nearest to you stopped their standard activities and are just standing by, perhaps observing your actions the same way you are looking at theirs. Luckily, after a few minutes the sensors complete their analysis of the structure and you are ready to return to Aventine.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You carefully position your ship above the structure and activate the sensors. As the scan proceeds, you monitor the position of the Ka'sei fleet. Some of the Fetri'sei nearest to you have stopped their standard activities and are just standing by, perhaps observing your actions the same way you are observing theirs. Luckily, after a few minutes the sensors complete their analysis of the structure and you are ready to return to Aventine unmolested.`
```

				accept
	on complete
		dialog
			`Near the landing area, you discuss with Dusk what you have found next to the iridium storage. "This is fantastic! It is so much more than I hoped to find with this expedition. Give me a few hours to analyze the data and meet me in the spaceport."`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 4"
	name "Visit the asteroid"
	description "Bring Dusk to <system> to visit the ancient Builder settlement."
	source "Aventine"
	destination "Builder Settlement"
	passengers 1
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 3: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You meet Dusk again in the cafeteria. He has brought a touchpad with him this time as well. "Thank you again for your help, <first>. There is a lot we can learn about the Builders with this discovery." He shows you a black and white image of a building inside a large semi-sphere. The complex appears to be made of interconnected cylinders, presumably habitation modules.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`You meet Dusk again in the cafeteria with his touchpad, as usual. "Thank you again for your help, <first>. There is a lot we can learn about the Builders with this discovery." He shows you a black and white image of a building inside a hemispherical dome. The complex appears to be made of interconnected cylinders, presumably habitation modules.`
```

(he brought one last time too, so the fact that he did this time is not unusual)

				goto dontcare
			label planets
			`	"Oh I have, many times. I have never been on a Builder station, but on a few occasions I have participated to expeditions to newly discovered cities or semi-submersed bunkers. I presume Taely already told you about the troubled beginnings we had in exploring the area; as a consequence of that, we had to reevaluate the procedures for exploring the nearby systems and species, especially beyond the Ossipago wormhole. Every scout ship entering the area has to always remain cloaked for safety; this means that exploring planets is only possible for a limited time and that you cannot leave your ship if you do not have a means of hiding yourself from them.`
			`	"Because of this, most of the planetary exploration is done with robotic probes. The Ka'het are able to detect and destroy devices that use faster than light communication, so only remote control with a Starling in the same system is possible. There are a lot of compromises that must be taken, but we can still make considerable progress even with these restrictions.`
			label dontcare

> 			`	"I need to prepare a few more instruments before we land," Dusk says as he stops staring at the dome and returns to his equipment. As you reach the complex, you do a few flights around it in search for a good landing site. Dusk indicates to you a spot right next to a set of small circular indents on the structure. After touching down, you and Dusk don extravehicular suits and start walking towards the cupola. He stops in front of one ring and starts looking through his equipment.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"I need to prepare a few more instruments before we land," Dusk says as he stops staring at the dome and returns to his equipment. As you reach the complex, you do a few flights around it in search for a good landing site. Dusk points out a spot right next to a set of small circular indentations on the structure. After touching down, you and Dusk don extravehicular suits and start walking towards the cupola. He stops in front of a ring on its surface and starts looking through his equipment.`
```

			choice
				`	"What is that?"`
			`	"Well, I obviously cannot be sure, but given its location and that on the other side there is a pressurized area, it should be an airlock. I have seen scans of the Builder stations, and they look quite similar." He takes a heavy-looking scanner, puts it on the wall of the structure and starts moving it around. "If I am right, this way should have a control station hidden inside the wall - and here it is!" he sings with satisfaction.`

> 			`	Using a small instrument similar in appearance to a crowbar, Dusk slowly pulls out a section from the wall, kicking off a good amount of dust in the process. The control station is a two sided panel, full of switches and buttons with small alien markings above each of them.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Using a small instrument similar in appearance to a crowbar, Dusk slowly pulls out a section from the wall, kicking off a good amount of dust in the process. The control station is a two-sided panel, full of switches and buttons with small alien markings above each of them.`
```

			choice
				`	"Can you read them?"`
				`	"Can you open the airlock?"`
					goto open
				`	"Are you sure this won't put us in danger?"`
					goto danger
			`	"I can, yes. The first row of switches controls the lights inside the complex, the second row controls redundant pressurization systems, and there are similar such operations controlled by the rest of the panel.`
				goto open
			label danger
			`	"There is no way to be certain, but this is the only possible way to get in without destroying half of the complex.`
			label open

> 			`	"This," Dusk says as he presses a switch in the middle of the panel, "is what we were looking for." Soon after, the door in front of you opens, revealing a small room with another door at the opposite end. You follow Dusk inside, where he takes out the scanner again to look for another control panel. Once that is open, another switch allows him to close the door. Only the lights on your helmet keep you from being immersed in complete darkness. Looking around, you notice that the architecture is distinctly alien, with rounded angles on every side of the room and slides going down off of both doors. The ring itself is too small for you to pass through it standing upright, but the low gravity of the asteroid lets you almost fly though it without much trouble. "We now have to wait for the room to pressurize," he tells you.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"This," Dusk says as he presses a switch in the middle of the panel, "is what we were looking for." Soon after, the door in front of you opens, revealing a small room with another door at the opposite end. You follow Dusk inside, where he takes out the scanner again to look for another control panel. Once that is open, another switch allows him to close the door. Only the lights on your helmet keep you from being submerged in complete darkness. Looking around, you notice that the architecture is distinctly alien, with rounded angles on every side of the room and buttresses on either side of the doors . The ring itself is too small for you to pass through it standing upright, but the low gravity of the asteroid lets you almost fly though it without much trouble. "We now have to wait for the room to pressurize," he tells you.`
```

			choice
				`	"How long do you think it will it take?"`
				`	"Would it be safe to remove our helmets after that?"`
					goto dumb
			`	"I have no idea. Usually it is a matter of a few minutes, but we know next to nothing about this tech. We will have to wait and see. In the meanwhile," he says as he begins to activate another scanner, "I can analyze the atmosphere that is starting to fill this room. It should save us some time to do it here, as well as being safer, should it be dangerous to our suits."`
				goto scan
			label dumb
			`	Dusk gives you an odd look. "Of course not <first>; it would almost certainly kill you. Such an alien atmosphere is unlikely to be breathable for a human, and even if it was we could not be sure until we analyze it extensively." He begins to activate another scanner, "Speaking of which, I can start analyzing the atmosphere that is starting to fill this room. It should save us some time to do it here, as well as also safer, should it be dangerous to our suits."`
			label scan

> 			`	Dusk continues working on the atmospheric analyzer for about five minutes without anything happening. You try to connect to the scanner on your ship to check the position of the nearby Fetri'sei, but the dome seems to jam all the communications with the outside. Suddenly, you hear a loud "pop," and the door that leads inside the dome recesses a few centimeters. "Just in time," Dusk says. "My analysis of the atmosphere has finished. Let us go take a look inside." After a brief look at the writing on the door, he grabs a handle on it and slides it to the left. The hatch starts to slowly open inwards. When you come closer to the entrance you are instantly blinded by a strong light coming from the other side of the door. After lowering the sun shield on your helmet, your eyes start adapting to the new light level, and it takes you a few seconds to realize what is now in front of you. Landed inside the cupola, right in front of the airlock, is a Fetri'sei, pointing in the direction of you and Dusk.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Dusk continues working on the atmospheric analyzer for about five minutes without anything happening. You try to connect to the scanner on your ship to check the position of the nearby Fetri'sei, but the dome seems to jam all the communications with the outside. Suddenly, you hear a loud "pop," and the door that leads inside the dome recesses a few centimeters. "Just in time," Dusk says. "My analysis of the atmosphere has finished. Let us go take a look inside." After a brief look at the writing on the door, he grabs a handle on it and slides it to the left. The hatch starts to slowly open inwards. When you come closer to the entrance you are instantly blinded by a strong light coming from the other side of the door. After lowering the sun shield on your helmet, your eyes start adapting to the new light level, and it takes you a few seconds to realize what is now in front of you. Landed inside the cupola, right in front of the airlock, is a Fetri'sei - a Ka'sei probe - pointed at you and Dusk.`
```

(good to remind people what it is, in case they forgot the name)

			`	Both you and Dusk stand still in front of it without saying a word. Out of the corner of your eye, you can see his hands shivering. All of a sudden, the Ka'sei starts emitting a very high pitched sound, very hard to hear, frequently changing in intensity. This lasts only for a few seconds, then abruptly stops.`
			choice
				`	(Run back in the airlock.)`
					goto run
				`	(Stay still and wait.)`
			`	The whole cupola falls silent. What feels like hours pass before the Ka'sei swiftly lifts off in front of you, hovering a few meters above the terrain. Just like the previous time, it starts emitting the same sequence of sounds as the last time, followed by a clicking sound. Dusk turns towards you.`
			choice
				`	(Run back in the airlock.)`
				`	(Keep staying still.)`
				`	(Try shooting at the hover engines of the Ka'sei with your sidearm.)`
					goto shoot

> 			`	After another short silence, the Ka'sei starts emitting a loud siren. You hear the screech of Ravager fire as a beam bursts to the left of you. Both you and Dusk jump back to the airlock, slamming the door closed. You can still feel the crackle of the Ravagers from the other side the the door, and after a second, the door begins to glow.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	After another short silence, the Ka'sei starts emitting a loud siren. You hear the screech of Ravager fire as an angry energy beam sears through the air to your left, just barely missing you. Both you and Dusk jump back to the airlock, slamming the door closed. You can still feel the crackle of the Ravager cannons from the other side the the door, and after a second, the door begins to glow.`
```

			choice

> 				`	(Blast the exit door with the control station, even with the airlock full of air.)`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	(Open the exit door, even with the airlock full of air.)`
```

					goto blast
				`	(Wait for the airlock to empty.)`
			`	After waiting a few seconds, Dusk hurries towards the control station. "Hold on to something, I ha-" Suddenly, he is interrupted by a burst of light coming from where the door of the airlock used to be. Your suit provides little protection from the full force of the Ravager beams.`
				die
			label blast

> 			`	You reach the control station as fast as you can and press the switch that Dusk had used when you first came in. The blast is not as strong as you imagined, but in a few seconds you are thrown out of the airlock by the sheer force of the air leaving from the breach. Both of you touchdown after a few meters, crashing hard in the terrain that surrounds the cupola. Out of the corner of your eye, you see that there's still air coming out of the airlock, signifying that the interior door is breached.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You reach the control station as fast as you can and press the switch that Dusk had used when you first came in. The blast is not as strong as you imagined, but in a few seconds you are thrown out of the airlock by the sheer force of the air leaving from the breach. Both of you touch down after a few meters, crashing hard in the terrain that surrounds the cupola. Out of the corner of your eye, you see that there's still air coming out of the airlock, signifying that the interior door has been breached. It is very lucky that your suit has not been punctured.`
```

			`	Looking around, you see Dusk laying face down next to you. Thankfully, he begins to stand up as you approach him. When he sees you, he silently pauses for a moment, before jerking his head to the airlock and signing. "We need to run. It could get out of the cupola, or others could arrive, and here in the open we are even easier targets." You nod and start going with him back to your ship.`

> 			`	After a few minutes of running, you enter the <ship>'s cockpit and sit down to catch your breath. After a moment, Dusk begins searching nervously for something on his suit. He takes out the atmospheric scanner he used earlier, but the screen is cracked and the external sensors are bent. "It must have been destroyed when we fell on the ground. I hope that at least its memory is still intact."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Running at full speed, it takes the two of you only a few minutes to reach the <ship>. Once safely in the cockpit, you sit down to catch your breath. After a moment, Dusk begins searching nervously for something on his suit. He takes out the atmospheric scanner he used earlier, but the screen is cracked and the external sensors are bent. "It must have been destroyed when we fell on the ground. I hope that at least its memory is still intact."`
```

				goto attack
			label shoot

> 			`	You take out your gun and start aiming for the side pods that the Fetri'sei mount. Your first shot misses it completely, but after that you are able to make three full hits on the hover engines. Almost instantly, the Ka'sei starts emitting a loud siren. The ship fires a beam just to the left of you, letting out an ear-piercing wail. Both you and Dusk jump back to the airlock as fast as possible, but you are too far to reach it before the Ravager beam swipes across your back. The last thing you see is Dusk closing the airlock.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You take out your gun and start aiming for the Fetri'sei's side pods. Your first shot misses it completely, but after that you are able to make three full hits on the hover engines. Almost instantly, the Ka'sei starts emitting a loud siren. The ship fires a beam just to the left of you, letting out an ear-piercing wail. Both you and Dusk jump back to the airlock as fast as possible, but you are too far away to reach it in time before a Ravager beam tears through your suit. The last thing you see is Dusk closing the airlock.`
```

				die
			label run

> 			`	You start running towards the airlock as fast as you can. Initially, Dusk tries to resist, but you drag him by force and lock the door behind you. Everything falls into silence again for half a minute while you are waiting for the room to depressurize, but suddenly the sound of a Ravager shooting blasts through the airlock.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You start running towards the airlock as fast as you can. Initially, Dusk tries to resist, but you drag him by force and lock the door behind you. Everything falls into silence again for half a minute while you are waiting for the room to depressurize, but suddenly the sound of a Ravager cannon cuts through the silence, and the inner airlock door begins to glow as it takes fire.`
```

			choice

> 				`	(Blast the exit door with the control station, even with the airlock full of air.)`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	(Open the exit door, even with the airlock full of air.)`
```

					goto blast2
				`	(Wait for the airlock to empty.)`
			`	After a few seconds of waiting, Dusk hurries towards the control station. "I have an idea," he says as he presses a few switches on the panel. "I can open a vent to expel the air out of here into the void, and get us out of here in a few seconds.`
				goto expel
			label blast2
			`	You reach the control station as fast as you can and tell Dusk to hold on to something, but he stops you. "I have a better idea," he says as he presses a few switches on the panel. "I can open a vent to expel the air out of here into the void, and get us out of here in a few seconds.`
			label expel
			`	Soon after, the frontal door recedes. You two run out of the airlock as fast as possible. Behind you, you hear the roar of metal melting as a rush of air passes you by. You start running back to your ship with Dusk, hoping that the Ka'sei will not get out of the building before you are safe.`

> 			`	After a few minutes of walking, you enter the <ship>'s cockpit and sit down to catch your breath. After a moment, Dusk begins searching nervously for something on his suit. He takes out the atmospheric scanner he used earlier and turns it on. "Phew. I was afraid it had broken down when we had to run away, but maybe we can still get the data we need."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Running at full speed, it takes the two of you only a few minutes to reach the <ship>. Once safely in the cockpit, you sit down to catch your breath. After a moment, Dusk begins searching nervously for something on his suit. He takes out the atmospheric scanner he used earlier and turns it on. "Phew. I was afraid it had broken down when we had to run away, but maybe we can still get the data we need."`
```

			apply
				"atmospheric scan intact" += 1
			label attack

> 			`	Dusk is interrupted by the proximity alerts of your ship as a hostile object appears on your radar. Like Dusk suspected, the Fetri'sei must have tracked your movements after leaving the cupola. As you start to ready your ship for combat, Dusk interrupts you. "You cannot kill them <first>. Do you remember the high pitched sound it emitted before shooting? He was trying to speak with us, Captain. Only a few words, maybe even pre-programmed for this kind of interaction, but still a complete phrase or more in pure Builder language. In decades of xenoarchaeological research, this is the first time that it occurs. These ships are an incredible discovery. They may be the only thing still capable of speaking that language in the entire Graveyard. You cannot destroy it, and disabling one is more a matter of luck than skill."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Dusk is interrupted by the shrieking wail of your ship's proximity alert as a hostile object appears on the radar screen. As Dusk suspected, the Fetri'sei must have tracked your movements after leaving the cupola. You start to ready your ship for combat, but Dusk interrupts you. "You cannot kill them, <first>. Do you remember the high pitched sound it emitted before shooting? He was trying to speak with us, Captain. Only a few words, maybe even pre-programmed for this kind of interaction, but still a complete phrase or more in pure Builder language. In decades of xenoarchaeological research, this is the first time that it occurs. These ships are an incredible discovery. They may be the only thing still capable of speaking that language in the entire Graveyard. You cannot destroy it, and disabling one is more a matter of luck than skill."`
```

			choice
				`	"What should I do then?"`
			`	"Well, I can only suggest to depart from here and set a route straight back to Aventine, while avoiding the Ka'sei. Sorry <first>, but it is preferable that we leave them alone." After all the risk you had to take, you cannot help but nod if this means getting as far from here as possible.`
				launch
	on enter "Patir"
		dialog

> 			`Soon after departing, your ship warns you that a large number of ships are starting to target you. It appears the other Ka'sei are also going to attack you while you're here.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`Soon after departing, your ship warns you that a large number of ships are targeting you. It appears the other Ka'sei are also going to attack.`
```

			choice
				`	(Continue your exploration of the asteroid.)`
					goto explore
				`	(Leave and return to Aventine.)`
			`	As you are preparing to jump away, your eye is caught by an artificial structure near the edge of the iridium storage. The first thing you notice is an array of extremely high pylons put into two parallel lines; then, when you are able to get a better angle of view, you discover a large cupola towering all over the area. Although understanding its scale without a reference point is hard, you estimate it must be at least a kilometer in diameter.`
				goto image
			label explore
			`	While you are setting up a new route to pass above as much terrain as possible, your eye is caught by an artificial structure near the edge of the iridium storage. The first thing you notice is an array of extremely high pylons put into two parallel lines; then, when you are able to get a better angle of view, you discover a large cupola towering all over the area. Although understanding its scale without a reference point is hard, you estimate it must be at least half a kilometer in diameter.`
			label image

> 			scene "scene/asteroid scene"

Reviewer 5: Is there an asteroid scene? I don't see anything in this PR for it or in the game's scene folder.

Author: Whoops, I actually had the scene done before writing all this but it seems I forgot to paste it here when I PRed it
 I'll get to it this weekend when I'm back from holidays, if I haven't done it by saturday please remind me over the discord. In the meanwhile, old screenshot of it in game
![Screenshot_5579](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45330165/129770778-2eed1f33-b943-41b0-b84a-f593592ea09f.png)

Reviewer 5: Will do - looks good!

			choice
				`	"What is that?"`
			`	"Oh, it is the scan you made of the Builder structure. Here, look: the external cupola is completely pressurized, which could give us insights about the biology of the Builders. The composition of the atmosphere on their planets is likely to have changed in after so much time, and every manned station the Ka'het could reach was long destroyed. This is the first time we have the possibility to study the gases they could breathe without having the results compromised by millennia of biological activity. Inside the cupola there is also a large intact complex, which could give us more answers about all of this.`
			`	"If you can bring me to the asteroid, I could be able use the controls and enter in the cupola to measure the composition of the atmosphere."`
			choice
				`	"I'm ready to go."`
					accept
				`	"Wait, are you saying that you can read the Builder language?"`

> 			`	"Very approximately, but yes. We have been studying every piece of written language we could find inside their cities, mostly inside sealed containers. It is very hard to understand full phrases or even what they mean at times, but we can reliably translate most of the common words and idioms, which will hopefully be enough for our mission."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"Very approximately, but yes. We have been studying every piece of written language we could find from their cities, mostly inside sealed containers. It is very hard to understand full phrases or even what they mean at times, but we can reliably translate most of the common words and idioms, which will hopefully be enough for our mission."`
```
Avoiding double `inside`.

				accept
	on complete
		event "angry ka'sei"

event "angry ka'sei"
	"reputation: Ka'sei" <?= -10

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 5"
	landing
	name "First contact"
	description "After the tumultuous first contact, return to <destination> without hurting any Ka'sei, even if they attack you."
	source "Builder Settlement"
	destination "Aventine"
	passengers 1
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 4: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you approach the structure, Dusk stops preparing the equipment to observe it from the window. "It is a fascinating structure. I've only seen a small number of Builder buildings, but this looks different from anything I have seen. Perhaps it is more structurally similar to their stations than their outposts given the almost negligible gravity, or they had other asteroid colonies that have been gradually lost over time. It would be worth doing a serious exploration of the asteroid belts in the Graveyard at some point.`
			choice
				`	"You have been on Builder planets?"`
					goto planets
				`	"How far have the Remnant explored the Graveyard?"`
				`	"Do you have have all the equipment ready?"`
					goto dontcare

> 			`	"I presume Taely already told you about the troubled beginnings we had in exploring the area; as a consequence of that, we had to reevaluate the procedures for exploring the nearby systems and species, especially beyond the Ossipago wormhole. Every scout ship entering the area has to always remain cloaked to prevent attacks from the countless Ka'het patrolling the area; this means that the further we need to travel to reach the destination, the more fuel we have to spend to return home which impacts considerably the time we can spend cloaked in the destination. Some of the systems at the other end of the Graveyard have seen very few Starlings, most of them staying for less than a day.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"I presume Taely already told you about the troubled beginnings we had in exploring the area; as a consequence of that, we had to reevaluate the procedures for exploring the nearby systems and species, especially beyond the Ossipago wormhole. Every scout ship entering the area has to always remain cloaked to prevent attacks from the countless Ka'het patrolling the area; this means that the further we need to travel to reach the destination, the more fuel we have to spend to return home, which considerably impacts the time we can spend cloaked in the destination. Some of the systems at the other end of the Graveyard have seen very few Starlings, most of them staying for less than a day.`
```

			`	"Still, even with these limitations we were able to make considerable progress. We can read some of the words in their language and we were able to retrieve a countless number of partly intact Builder artifacts. Perhaps some day we will be able to understand how to control the Ka'het, who knows.`
				goto dontcare
			label planets

> 			`	"Oh I have, many times. I have never been on a Builder station, but on a few occasions I have participated to expeditions to newly discovered cities or semi-submersed bunkers. I presume Taely already told you about the troubled beginnings we had in exploring the area; as a consequence of that, we had to reevaluate the procedures for exploring the nearby systems and species, especially beyond the Ossipago wormhole. Every scout ship entering the area has to always remain cloaked for safety; this means that exploring planets is only possible for a limited time and that you can't leave your ship if you don't have a mean of hiding yourself from them.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh I have, many times. I have never been on a Builder station, but on a few occasions I have participated to expeditions to newly discovered cities or semi-submersed bunkers. I presume Taely already told you about the troubled beginnings we had in exploring the area; as a consequence of that, we had to reevaluate the procedures for exploring the nearby systems and species, especially beyond the Ossipago wormhole. Every scout ship entering the area has to always remain cloaked for safety; this means that exploring planets is only possible for a limited time and that you can't leave your ship if you don't have a means of hiding yourself from them.`
```

			choice
				`	"What is that?"`
			`	"Well, I obviously cannot be sure, but given its location and that on the other side there is a pressurized area, it should be an airlock. I have seen scans of the Builder stations, and they look quite similar." He takes a heavy-looking scanner, puts it on the wall of the structure and starts moving it around. "If I am right, this way should have a control station hidden inside the wall - and here it is!" he sings with satisfaction.`
			`	Using a small instrument similar in appearance to a crowbar, Dusk slowly pulls out a section from the wall, kicking off a good amount of dust in the process. The control station is a two sided panel, full of switches and buttons with small alien markings above each of them.`
			choice
				`	"Can you read them?"`
				`	"Can you open the airlock?"`
					goto open
				`	"Are you sure this won't put us in danger?"`
					goto danger

> 			`	"I can, yes. The first row of switches controls the lights inside the complex, the second row controls redundant pressurization systems, and there are similar such trivial operations controlled by the rest of the panel.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"I can, yes. The first row of switches controls the lights inside the complex, the second row controls pressurization systems, and there are similar such operations controlled by the rest of the panel.`
```
If these switches let people into the station, are they really redundant or trivial? Those words usually have a negative connotation and mean something that's useless or unnecessary.

Author: Hm I agree that trivial should be removed, but redundant here is in its more technical meaning, as in "something that replaces the function of something else in case it fails". E.g., Shuttle has many redundant system to prevent loss of control of the vehicle," "lunar starship features two independent airlocks for additional redundancy," etc

Reviewer 5: Gotcha. Here's an updated suggestion then.
```suggestion
			`	"I can, yes. The first row of switches controls the lights inside the complex, the second row controls redundant pressurization systems, and there are similar such operations controlled by the rest of the panel.`
```

				goto open
			label danger
			`	"There is no way to be certain, but this is the only possible way to get in without destroying half of the complex.`
			label open

> 			`	"This," Dusk says as he presses a switch in the middle of the panel, "is what we were looking for." Soon after, the door in front of you opens, revealing a small room with another door at the opposite end. You follow Dusk inside, where he takes out the scanner again to look for another control panel. Once that is open, another switch allows him to close the door. If it weren't for the lights installed in your helmet, it would now be completely dark. Looking around, you notice that the architecture is distinctly alien, with rounded angles on every side of the room and slides going down of both doors. The ring itself is too small for you to pass through it standing upright, but the low gravity of the asteroid lets you almost fly though it without much trouble. "We now have to wait for the room to pressurize," he tells you.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"This," Dusk says as he presses a switch in the middle of the panel, "is what we were looking for." Soon after, the door in front of you opens, revealing a small room with another door at the opposite end. You follow Dusk inside, where he takes out the scanner again to look for another control panel. Once that is open, another switch allows him to close the door. If it weren't for the lights installed in your helmet, it would now be completely dark. Looking around, you notice that the architecture is distinctly alien, with rounded angles on every side of the room and slides going down off of both doors. The ring itself is too small for you to pass through it standing upright, but the low gravity of the asteroid lets you almost fly though it without much trouble. "We now have to wait for the room to pressurize," he tells you.`
```
Not sure what the original meaning of `slides going down of both doors` was, but doesn't make sense as-is. If adding an `off` changes the meaning to something you didn't intend, we can definitely play around with it.

			choice
				`	"How long do you think it will it take?"`
				`	"Would it be safe to remove our helmets after that?"`
					goto dumb

> 			`	"I have no idea. Usually it is a matter of a few minutes, but we know next to nothing about this tech. We will have to wait and see. In the meanwhile," he says as he begins to activate another scanner, "I can start analyzing the atmosphere that is starting to fill this room. It should save us some time to do it here, as well as also safer, should it be dangerous to our suits."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"I have no idea. Usually it is a matter of a few minutes, but we know next to nothing about this tech. We will have to wait and see. In the meanwhile," he says as he begins to activate another scanner, "I can analyze the atmosphere that is starting to fill this room. It should save us some time to do it here, as well as being safer, should it be dangerous to our suits."`
```
OR
```suggestion
			`	"I have no idea. Usually it is a matter of a few minutes, but we know next to nothing about this tech. We will have to wait and see. In the meanwhile," he says as he begins to activate another scanner, "I can start analyzing the atmosphere that is filling this room. It should save us some time to do it here, as well as being safer, should it be dangerous to our suits."`
```
Double `start`.

				goto scan
			label dumb

> 			`	Dusk gives you an odd look. "Of course not <first>; it would almost certainly kill you. Such an alien atmosphere is unlikely to be breathable for a human, and even if it was we couldn't be sure until we analyze it extensively." He begins to activate another scanner, "Speaking of which, I can start analyzing the atmosphere that is starting to fill this room. It should save us some time to do it here, as well as also safer, should it be dangerous to our suits."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Dusk gives you an odd look. "Of course not <first>; it would almost certainly kill you. Such an alien atmosphere is unlikely to be breathable for a human, and even if it was we couldn't be sure until we analyze it extensively." He begins to activate another scanner. "Speaking of which, I can analyze the atmosphere that is starting to fill this room. It should save us some time to do it here, as well as being safer, should it be dangerous to our suits."`
```
OR
```suggestion
			`	Dusk gives you an odd look. "Of course not <first>; it would almost certainly kill you. Such an alien atmosphere is unlikely to be breathable for a human, and even if it was we couldn't be sure until we analyze it extensively." He begins to activate another scanner, "Speaking of which, I can start analyzing the atmosphere that is filling this room. It should save us some time to do it here, as well as being safer, should it be dangerous to our suits."`
```
(Same as previous comment)

			label scan

> 			`	Dusk goes on working on the atmospheric analyzer for about five minutes without nothing happening. You try to connect to the scanner on your ship to check the position of the nearby Fetri'sei, but the dome seems to jam all the communications with the outside. Suddenly, you hear a loud "pop" and the door that leads inside the dome recesses a few centimeters. "Just in time," Dusk says. "My analysis of the atmosphere has finished. Let us go take a look inside." After a brief look at the writing on the door, he grabs a handle on it and slides it to the left. The hatch starts to slowly open inwards. When you come closer to the entrance you are instantly blinded by a strong light coming from the other side of the door. After lowering the sun shield on your helmet, your eyes start adapting to the new light level, and it takes you a few seconds to realize what is now in front of you. Landed inside the cupola, right in front of the airlock, is a Fetri'sei, pointing in the direction of you and Dusk.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Dusk continues working on the atmospheric analyzer for about five minutes without anything happening. You try to connect to the scanner on your ship to check the position of the nearby Fetri'sei, but the dome seems to jam all the communications with the outside. Suddenly, you hear a loud "pop," and the door that leads inside the dome recesses a few centimeters. "Just in time," Dusk says. "My analysis of the atmosphere has finished. Let us go take a look inside." After a brief look at the writing on the door, he grabs a handle on it and slides it to the left. The hatch starts to slowly open inwards. When you come closer to the entrance you are instantly blinded by a strong light coming from the other side of the door. After lowering the sun shield on your helmet, your eyes start adapting to the new light level, and it takes you a few seconds to realize what is now in front of you. Landed inside the cupola, right in front of the airlock, is a Fetri'sei, pointing in the direction of you and Dusk.`
```
`without nothing` is a double negative, thus implying something is actually happening.

			`	Both you and Dusk stand still in front of it without saying a word. Out of the corner of your eye, you can see his hands shivering. All of a sudden, the Ka'sei starts emitting a very high pitched sound, very hard to hear, frequently changing in intensity. This lasts only for a few seconds, then abruptly stops.`
			choice
				`	(Run back in the airlock.)`
					goto run
				`	(Stay still and wait.)`
			`	The whole cupola falls silent. What feels like hours pass before the Ka'sei swiftly lifts off in front of you, hovering a few meters above the terrain. Just like the previous time, it starts emitting the same sequence of sounds as the last time, followed by a clicking sound. Dusk turns towards you.`
			choice

> 				`	(Run back in the airlock.)`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
				`	(Run back in the airlock.)`
					goto run
```

Author: This was actually intentional, only running away at the first choice allows you to go back fast enough to unlock the best outcome (i.e. you are alive and Dusk saves her atmospheric recordings) while every other choice gives you either the middle outcome (atmospheric data destroyed) or kills you

Reviewer 5: Gotcha! Feel free to resolve.

				`	(Keep staying still.)`

> 				`	(Try shooting at the hover engines of the Ka'sei with your sidearm)`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
				`	(Try shooting at the hover engines of the Ka'sei with your sidearm.)`
```

					goto shoot

> 			`	After another short silence, the Ka'sei starts emitting a loud siren. You hear the screech of Ravager fire as a beam begins firing to the left of you. Both you and Dusk jump back to the airlock, slamming the door closed. You are still able to feel the crackle of the Ravagers from the other side the the door, and after a second, the door begins to glow.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	After another short silence, the Ka'sei starts emitting a loud siren. You hear the screech of Ravager fire as a beam bursts to the left of you. Both you and Dusk jump back to the airlock, slamming the door closed. You can still feel the crackle of the Ravagers from the other side the the door, and after a second, the door begins to glow.`
```

			choice
				`	(Blast the exit door with the control station, even with the airlock full of air.)`
					goto blast
				`	(Wait for the airlock to empty.)`
			`	After waiting a few seconds, Dusk hurries towards the control station. "Hold on to something, I ha-" Suddenly, he is interrupted by a burst of light coming from where the door of the airlock used to be. Your suit provides little protection from the full force of the Ravager beams.`
				die
			label blast

> 			`	You reach the control station as fast as you can and press the switch that Dusk had used when you first came in. The blast isn't as strong as you imagined, but in a few seconds you are thrown out of the airlock by the sheer force of the air leaving from the breach. Both of you touchdown after a few meters, crashing hard in the terrain that surrounds the cupola. Out of the corner of your eye you see that there's still air coming out of the airlock, signifying that the interior door is breached.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	You reach the control station as fast as you can and press the switch that Dusk had used when you first came in. The blast isn't as strong as you imagined, but in a few seconds you are thrown out of the airlock by the sheer force of the air leaving from the breach. Both of you touchdown after a few meters, crashing hard in the terrain that surrounds the cupola. Out of the corner of your eye, you see that there's still air coming out of the airlock, signifying that the interior door is breached.`
```

			`	Looking around, you see Dusk laying face down next to you. Thankfully, he begins to stand up as you approach him. When he sees you, he silently pauses for a moment, before jerking his head to the airlock and signing. "We need to run. It could get out of the cupola, or others could arrive, and here in the open we are even easier targets." You nod and start going with him back to your ship.`

> 			`	After a few minutes of walking, you enter the <ship>'s cockpit and sit down to catch your breath. After a moment, Dusk begins searching nervously for something on his suit. He takes out the atmospheric scanner he used earlier, but the screen is cracked and the external sensors are bent. "It must have been destroyed when we fell on the ground. I hope that at least the memory on it is still intact."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	After a few minutes of running, you enter the <ship>'s cockpit and sit down to catch your breath. After a moment, Dusk begins searching nervously for something on his suit. He takes out the atmospheric scanner he used earlier, but the screen is cracked and the external sensors are bent. "It must have been destroyed when we fell on the ground. I hope that at least its memory is still intact."`
```

				goto expel
			label blast2
			`	You reach the control station as fast as you can and tell Dusk to hold on to something, but he stops you. "I have a better idea," he says as he presses a few switches on the panel. "I can open a vent to expel the air out of here into the void, and get us out of here in a few seconds.`
			label expel
			`	Soon after, the frontal door recedes. You two run out of the airlock as fast as possible. Behind you, you hear the roar of metal melting as a rush of air passes you by. You start running back to your ship with Dusk, hoping that the Ka'sei won't get out of the building before you are safe.`
			`	After a few minutes of walking, you enter the <ship>'s cockpit and sit down to catch your breath. After a moment, Dusk begins searching nervously for something on his suit. He takes out the atmospheric scanner he used earlier and turns it on. "Phew. I was afraid it had broken down when we had to run away, but maybe we can still get the data we need."`
			apply
				"atmospheric scan intact" += 1
			label attack

> 			`	Dusk is interrupted by the proximity alerts of your ship, as a hostile object appears on your radar. Like Dusk suspected, the Fetri'sei must have tracked your movements after leaving the cupola. As you start to ready your ship for combat, Dusk interrupts you. "You can't kill them <first>. Do you remember the high pitched sound it emitted before shooting? He was trying to speak with us, Captain. Only a few words, maybe even pre-programmed for this kind of interaction, but still a complete phrase or more in pure Builder language. In decades of xenoarchaeological research, this is the first time that it occurs. These ships are an incredible discovery. They may be the only thing still capable of speaking that language in the entire Graveyard. You cannot destroy it, and disabling one is more a matter of luck than skill."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Dusk is interrupted by the proximity alerts of your ship as a hostile object appears on your radar. Like Dusk suspected, the Fetri'sei must have tracked your movements after leaving the cupola. As you start to ready your ship for combat, Dusk interrupts you. "You can't kill them <first>. Do you remember the high pitched sound it emitted before shooting? He was trying to speak with us, Captain. Only a few words, maybe even pre-programmed for this kind of interaction, but still a complete phrase or more in pure Builder language. In decades of xenoarchaeological research, this is the first time that it occurs. These ships are an incredible discovery. They may be the only thing still capable of speaking that language in the entire Graveyard. You cannot destroy it, and disabling one is more a matter of luck than skill."`
```

			choice
				`	"What should I do then?"`
			`	"Well, I can only suggest to depart from here and set a route straight back to Aventine, without firing at any of the Ka'sei. Sorry <first>, but it's the only satisfying outcome from this situation." After all the risk you had to take, you can't help but nod if this means getting as far from here as possible.`
				launch
	on enter "Patir"
		dialog
			`Soon after departing, your ship warns you that a large number of ships are starting to target you. It appears the other Ka'sei are also going to attack you while you're here.`
	on fail
		dialog
			`One or more Ka'sei were destroyed. You failed your mission.`
	on complete
		event "pacified ka'sei"
		event "patir mistery timer" 10
		conversation

> 			`You disembark from your ship with Dusk, discussing about the events that occurred in Patir. "Thank you for keeping the Ka'sei alive, <first>. They might be exactly what our Builder research needs, and I really hope I can continue exploring that place with you in the future. I will study what we have gathered in the last days trying to find anything that could give us more clues about them." He waves at you and starts walking towards the exit from the spaceport. "I will contact you again when I find something worth looking at. May the Embers burn bright for you, <first>."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`You disembark from your ship with Dusk, discussing the events that occurred in Patir. "Thank you for keeping the Ka'sei alive, <first>. They might be exactly what our Builder research needs, and I really hope I can continue exploring that place with you in the future. I will study what we have gathered in the last days trying to find anything that could give us more clues about them." He waves at you and starts walking towards the exit from the spaceport. "I will contact you again when I find something worth looking at. May the Embers burn bright for you, <first>."`
```

			`	Coming closer to the object, you notice that most of the cylinders have been hollowed out and put a piece of glass inside it. A number of cables are coming out of its back.`
			choice
				`	"What is that?"`
			`	"It's an old tracking and surveillance device, developed specifically for the Graveyard," she says. "It was supposed to track all Ka'het it could find and make detailed imagery of their actions, in order to find the patterns that they follow or ways to exploit their controls. The mission was a longterm one, and so when an urgent project came up, resources were shunted to it, leaving these sensors still awaiting deployment."`
			`	My plan is to install these in your ship and go to <waypoints> with them to find out more about these ships. They need some training to be set up correctly before use, but luckily for you I was the person who developed the deployment procedures," she says with a smirk on her face. "Are you ready?"`
			choice
				`	"Let's go!"`
					goto mount
				`	"How did the attempt at tracking the Ka'het go?"`
				`	"Sorry, but I can't help you this time. You're going to have to find somebody else."`

> 					decline

Author: It'd feel weird to have all this talk repeat again, and given it's landing it would come up every time you land on a remnant planet

			choice
				`	"If they can duplicate themselves why aren't there more Ka'sei here?"`
					goto kasei
				`	"If the Builders were able to make self replicating spacecrafts why aren't the Ka'het like that as well?"`
					goto kahet
				`	"Do they have Jump Drives on them if they were able to get here?"`
					goto jumpdrive
				`	"Why aren’t they in other systems?"`
					goto jumpdrive

> 			label kasei

Author: It's only one option out of 3 that creates the loop, and I couldn't find a good way to avoid it

> 			label kasei

Reviewer: I see no problem with having a loop when there aren't consequences to any of the conversational options. There's a variety of AAA franchises that consider loops to be a feature, not a problem, for non-time sensitive conversations (particularly ones where the player is asking questions about lore) as it allows the player to repeat a bit of conversation in case they missed something.

				goto end
			label why
			`	"Well, let's find out! The only way we can find insights on their real purpose is to study this asteroid and what the Ka'sei are doing there.`
			label end
			`	"My plan is to take a short range high power scanner, install it on your ship and map the entire asteroid to analyze the site where the Ka'sei are bringing the iridium. Everything happened so fast that I wasn't able to get the scanner I was looking for yet, but if you meet me in the spaceport's cafeteria in a few hours I promise everything will be ready!" Dusk looks so excited that he leaves without leaving you time to ask any question.`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 2"
	name "Scanners in <system>"
	description "Make detailed scans of the asteroid Dusk indicated in the <system> system."
	source "Aventine"
	destination "Builder Settlement"
	cargo "short range scanner" 15
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 1: done"
	on offer
		event "asteroid on patir"
		conversation

> 			`As soon as you arrive in the cafeteria you start looking for Dusk, but you can't find him anywhere. He arrives a few minutes later and waves at you. "Sorry if I was late, Captain," he says, " I was finishing to gather the necessary technology for our mission. Everything is ready now."`

Author: What's the change here?

			choice
				`	"What is the next step?"`
					goto next

> 				`	"Wait, you haven't given me a chance to answer you the last time you met. I decline the offer."`

Author: It's there because you couldn't decline the previous mission (was an on complete, this is the spaceport one) and the Taely talk about risking remaining stuck there, but I could remove it if needed

				accept
	on complete
		dialog
			`Near the landing area, you discuss with Dusk what you have found next to the iridium storage. "That's fantastic! It's much more than I hoped to find with this expedition. Give me a few hours to analyze the data and meet me in the spaceport."`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 4"
	name "Visit the asteroid"
	description "Bring Dusk to <system> to visit the ancient Builder settlement."
	source "Aventine"
	destination "Builder Settlement"
	passengers 1
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 3: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You meet Dusk again in the cafeteria. He has brought a touchpad with him this time as well. "Thank you again for your help, <first>. There is a lot we can learn about the Builders with this discovery." He shows you a black and white image of a building inside a large semi-sphere. The complex appears to be made of interconnected cylinders, presumably habitation modules.`
			choice

> 				`	"What is that?"`

Reviewer 5: It's a little strange, but I think it's also believable that they just want to see what Dusk has to say. You could also just add another choice to say "Are those habitation modules?" or something and have it lead into the same response as just asking "What is that?" Up to you.

			`	After a few minutes of walking, you enter the <ship>'s cockpit and sit on a bench to catch breath. Neither of you was injured in the end, but you undergone a very risky situation that could have resulted in the death of both of you. Then, Dusk starts searching nervously for something on his suit. He takes out the atmospheric scanner he used earlier, but the screen is cracked and the external sensors bent. "It must have been destroyed when we fell on the ground. I hope at least the memory on it is still intact."`
				goto attack
			label shoot
			`	You take out your gun and start aiming for the side pods that the Fetri'sei mount. The first shot misses it completely, but after that you are able to make three full hits on the hover engines. Almost instantly, the Ka'sei starts emitting a loud siren and arming its weapons. The first shot barely misses you; Both you and Dusk jump back to the airlock as fast as possible, but you are too far to reach it before a Ravager shoots again and hits you in the torso, throwing you on the floor. The last thing you see is Dusk closing the airlock, while a second direct shot finishes you. You die.`
				die
			label run

> 			`	You start running towards the airlock as fast as you can. Initially Dusk tries to resist, but you drag him by force and lock the door behind you. Everything falls into silence again for half a minute while you are waiting for the room to depressurize, but suddenly the sound of a Ravager shooting blasts through the airlock: the Fetri'sei is shooting against the door to try breaching it.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	You start running towards the airlock as fast as you can. Initially, Dusk tries to resist, but you drag him by force and lock the door behind you. Everything falls into silence again for half a minute while you are waiting for the room to depressurize, but suddenly the sound of a Ravager shooting blasts through the airlock.`
```

			choice
				`	(Blast the exit door with the control station, even with the airlock full of air.)`
					goto blast2
				`	(Wait for the airlock to empty.)`

> 			`	After a few seconds you have been waiting, Dusk starts hurrying towards the control station. "I have an idea," he says as he presses a few switches on the panel. "I can open a vent to expel the air out of here into the void, and get us out of here in a few seconds.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	After a few seconds of waiting, Dusk hurries towards the control station. "I have an idea," he says as he presses a few switches on the panel. "I can open a vent to expel the air out of here into the void, and get us out of here in a few seconds.`
```

				goto expel
			label blast2
			`	You reach the control station as fast as you can and tell Dusk to hold on to something, but he stops you. "I have a better idea," he says as he presses a few switches on the panel. "I can open a vent to expel the air out of here into the void, and get us out of here in a few seconds.`
			label expel

> 			`	Soon after, the frontal door recedes, signaling that it is safe to exit. You two run out of the airlock as fast as possible; out of the corner of your eye you see that there's now air coming out of the open door, meaning that the Ka'sei breached the door soon after you walked out. You start going back to your ship with Dusk, hoping that the Ka'sei won't get out of the building before you are safe.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Soon after, the frontal door recedes. You two run out of the airlock as fast as possible. Behind you, you hear the roar of metal melting as a rush of air passes you by. You start running back to your ship with Dusk, hoping that the Ka'sei won't get out of the building before you are safe.`
```

> 			`	After a few minutes of walking, you enter the <ship>'s cockpit and sit on a bench to catch breath. Neither of you was injured in the end, but you undergone a very risky situation that could have resulted in the death of both of you. Then, Dusk starts searching nervously for something on his suit. He takes out the atmospheric scanner he used earlier and tries to turn it on, which it does. "Phew, I was afraid it had broken down when we had to run away. Maybe we can still get the data we needed."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	After a few minutes of walking, you enter the <ship>'s cockpit and sit down to catch your breath. After a moment, Dusk begins searching nervously for something on his suit. He takes out the atmospheric scanner he used earlier and turns it on. "Phew. I was afraid it had broken down when we had to run away, but maybe we can still get the data we need."`
```

			apply
				"atmospheric scan intact" += 1
			label attack

> 			`	Dusk is interrupted by the sound of Ravagers hitting your ship's shield. Like Dusk suspected, it must have been tracking your movements since you left the cupola. As you stand up to go to the weapon control deck, he tries to stops you. "You can't kill them <first>." When he sees that you don't understand, he starts explaining: "Do you remember the high pitched sound it emitted before shooting? He was trying to speak with us, Captain. Few words, maybe even pre-programmed for this kind of interaction, but still a complete phrase or more in pure Builder language. In decades of xenoarcheological research, this is the first time that it occurs. It's an incredible discovery, we possibly found the only thing still capable of speaking that language in the entire Graveyard. You can't destroy it, and disabling one is more a matter of luck than skill."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Dusk is interrupted by the proximity alerts of your ship, as a hostile object appears on your radar. Like Dusk suspected, the Fetri'sei must have tracked your movements after leaving the cupola. As you start to ready your ship for combat, Dusk interrupts you. "You can't kill them <first>. Do you remember the high pitched sound it emitted before shooting? He was trying to speak with us, Captain. Only a few words, maybe even pre-programmed for this kind of interaction, but still a complete phrase or more in pure Builder language. In decades of xenoarchaeological research, this is the first time that it occurs. These ships are an incredible discovery. They may be the only thing still capable of speaking that language in the entire Graveyard. You cannot destroy it, and disabling one is more a matter of luck than skill."`
```

			choice
				`	"What should I do then?"`
			`	"Well, I can only suggest to depart from here and set a route straight back to Aventine, without firing at any of the Ka'sei. Sorry <first>, but it's the only satisfying outcome from this situation." After all the risk you had to take, you can't help but nod if this means getting as far from here as possible.`
				launch
	on enter "Patir"
		dialog

> 			`Soon after departing, you receive notice that a large number of ships are starting to target you. It appears the other Ka'sei are also going to attack you while you're here.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`Soon after departing, your ship warns you that a large number of ships are starting to target you. It appears the other Ka'sei are also going to attack you while you're here.`
```

	on fail
		dialog
			`One or more Ka'sei were destroyed. You failed your mission.`
	on complete
		event "pacified ka'sei"
		event "patir mistery timer" 10
		conversation

> 			`You disembark from your ship with Dusk, discussing about the events that occurred in Patir. "Thank you for keeping the Ka'sei alive, <first>. They can provide essential data for our research and I really hope I'll be able to continue exploring that place with you in the future. I will study what we've gathered in the last days trying to find anything that could give us more clues about them." He waves at you and starts walking towards the exit from the spaceport. "I'll contact you again when I find something worth looking at. May the Embers burn bright for you, <first>."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`You disembark from your ship with Dusk, discussing about the events that occurred in Patir. "Thank you for keeping the Ka'sei alive, <first>. They might be exactly what our Builder research needs, and I really hope I can continue exploring that place with you in the future. I will study what we have gathered in the last days trying to find anything that could give us more clues about them." He waves at you and starts walking towards the exit from the spaceport. "I will contact you again when I find something worth looking at. May the Embers burn bright for you, <first>."`
```
